Eh. you know the rules.
Yeah.
Okay.
Last one to the raft has to do the dishes!
They were
creatures of the lake.
Not born of it.
but made for it.
Made to be there together.
As if nothing would ever change.
♪ I'm not afraid...
But things always change.
♪ At all ♪
♪ Not dying in a fire ♪
♪ Not being...
"And he had become
something altogether new."
It was the lake. she knew.
♪ Living on a...
It had demanded a sacrifice
and had taken her friend.
In his place was now this
hard. sleek. glistening creature.
There were still shadows
of the boy she'd known.
His smile.
The curve of his jaw.
But these were only ghosts.
The boy was gone.
"The lake had claimed him as its own."
Sam!
Whoo!
♪ Watched the world from the sidelines ♪
♪ Had nothing to prove ♪
♪ till you came into my life...
Okay. okay. just not my face.
-Ah!
-Charlie. stop!
-Okay. come on.
-Stop!
No. no. no. no. Okay. come on...
♪ Now I know ♪
♪ what it feels like ♪
Sam. Sam.
♪ To wanna go outside ♪
♪ Like the shape of my outline...
Whoo!
"And she could feel the lake
pulling at her as well."
Urging her to submit to its power.
♪ Going back to...
She knew then
that none of them would survive.
The lake would take them
as it had taken the others.
She accepted that as truth.
"She accepted that..."
Sam got hot.
Oh. my God. he's right there.
Please.
How did you not
give me a heads-up?
Just even. like. a simple text.
"Hey. there. Delilah..." I love that song.
It's so good.
"I can't wait for your visit. By the way.
Sam is legit adorbs now."
'Cause I would never write that.
Yeah. that's true.
It'd be all like...
"The experiment succeeded!"
"The creature is alive!
-He's also hot as shit."
-Okay.
Again. he's right there.
Please.
Look. I mean... this is the summer.
What are you talking about?
This is the summer you close the deal.
No.
I know that you've thought about it.
Percy. oh. my God.
You've spent two years swimming
and playing board games
and watching your creep-o horror movies.
It's time to cash in.
What else is the point of
having a guy friend?
The point is that we're friends.
And that's-that's it.
And that-that's something
I don't want to mess up.
Yeah. but I'm not saying jump him.
Be subtle. But...
you know. let him know
if he were to make a move.
it wouldn't be unwelcome.
Mm-hmm.
Also. not to change the subject. but
has Charlie also gotten hotter?
Like. is that even possible?
What's his. uh. relationship status?
Oh. my God.
Don't even get me started.
But seriously. dude...
it is so past time for you
to make your move.
I told you. Percy and I are just friends.
Yeah. I know.
You guys used to play dolls
and braid each other's hair...
Okay. shut up.
But she is hot.
And if you don't get on that.
someone else will.
Please.
I'm not that big of an asshole.
Besides...
Delilah's also blossomed.
I'm thinking I should...
Can you please just
tear up someone else's lawn?
Okay? That would make everything weird.
I can do weird.
Besides. you would just
dump her after three days
and go off with someone else anyways.
I mean. Percy's basically family.
Delilah is her friend.
You can't go there.
For you. my only brother.
I will make that sacrifice.
Besides. there's this hot college girl
that just slid into my DMs.
That's a thing.
And I will be sliding.
It is amazing how you can
make literally anything sound gross.
Wait. aren't your parents away next week?
Yeah. for two nights. At a conference.
Okay. An empty house?
That's perfect hookup conditions.
-No.
-Percy...
the universe wants this.
No. even if I wanted to.
which I'm not saying I do.
Sam does not see me that way.
Okay? So shh. Shh.
Hold still.
Uh. it was dripping all over.
Thank you.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
I have all the names and dates. But...
an obituary. hopefully. conveys
something of a person's essence.
Like...
you know. what they were like.
So if you had to pick one quality
that defined your mom. it would be...
Her strength.
-Hmm.
-After our dad died. she...
raised me and Charlie.
Um. she took care of The Tavern.
All by herself.
It was a lot. We were a lot. But...
she did it.
Great. And now. um.
imagine your mom reading this.
What's something that would
make her smile?
What?
Okay. so. um...
she always told people that
the jukebox at The Tavern was broken.
Mm.
She had this whole elaborate lie
about how parts were no longer made for it
so she couldn't swap out
the Dolly Parton. but...
The jukebox was fine.
She just loved Dolly.
I never knew that. That's...
amazing.
You know. I really appreciate you
coming to help with this. Percy.
I-I tried writing it.
and Taylor did a version. but...
It just wasn't Mom.
Well. lucky you.
you know a professional obit writer.
I'm really glad
you stopped by last night. I...
I really wanted to help.
Where. um...
where is Taylor?
She left this morning.
She. uh. she had surgeries
that she couldn't postpone. but...
she'll be back for the funeral.
Okay.
I have to admit...
I am a bit intimidated
by your girlfriend.
You should not be intimidated.
I shouldn't be intimidated
by the pediatric surgeon?
Wh... It's just a job.
It's a very important job. Like yours.
And yours.
Okay.
We both know that "obit writer"
was not the dream.
I know. But...
speaking as a person
who just lost someone...
you want the world
to take notice of their passing.
You make that happen.
It matters.
Well. I really loved your mom.
It means a lot to do this for her.
And I know she'd be really happy
that you're the one writing it.
Hope I'm not interrupting.
No. no.
Uh. Percy's just helping with Mom's obit.
Yeah. If there's any. um...
any stories or memories
you want to include.
I can put them in.
Bit early in the day to be maudlin.
Plus. Sammy's got enough sappy stories
for the both of us.
I'm gonna go for a run.
Charlie Florek. a man literally running
from his emotions.
Anything else?
Um. think I have everything I need.
So I'm gonna go. um.
and-and write a draft.
and I'll-I'll come back with
something for you to read.
Fuck.
Fucking slice.
Excuse me. sir.
we have a no-profanity rule here.
You came.
Suppose you can do better?
Obviously.
Just don't... judge my form. please.
I... I know I was a bit...
like. sensitive yesterday.
Nah. I was poking my nose in something
that wasn't any of my business.
Yeah. Whit asked for a separation.
He said that we should take the summer
to figure things out.
I figured out we're just fucked. So...
Oh. Shit.
Sorry. No cursing.
No. it's okay. I think some fucks and
shits might be necessary right now.
Yeah. I just don't like to fail.
You know.
Whit and I are the perfect couple.
Well. except you're not happy.
Well. you know there's a. there's a drink
named after us at the clubhouse.
It's called the Whelilah.
That is a stupid name.
It's very popular.
Well. not to mention
what my parents are gonna think.
And being someone who just
had a starter marriage. that's...
humiliating.
What are people gonna say? Like...
It doesn't change the fact
that you're incredible.
I don't know.
You deserve more.
Someone who knows
how amazing you really are.
-Is Percy gone?
-Yep.
I thought Taylor was writing the obit.
She did a pass. but...
it still needed something.
so I figured I'd ask Percy.
Sure.
It's funny walking in on the two of you.
Charlie. I'm trying
to finish patient notes.
Yeah. Just...
thinking maybe
I shouldn't have invited her.
Well. too late. You already did.
Just. seeing you guys together
felt like a scene out of the past.
Geez. Charlie.
Writing obituaries is
literally Percy's job.
And she cared about Mom.
Yeah. Makes total sense
you'd ask her to do it.
I'm glad you approve.
Just be careful.
Percy and I were over a long time ago.
I'm with Taylor now.
-And you guys are happy.
-Yes. We are.
Sam.
Some things are better left in the past.
For everyone's sake.
Drew is gonna say that I abandoned you.
And you're going to tell him I'm fine.
and that you've been an amazing friend
and I told you to leave.
Okay. but is that true?
Because I-I can stay if you need me to.
Chantal. you have a job
and a fiancé and a life to get back to.
I'm really... I'm totally. I'm fine.
Does your mom know that?
Because that is the third time
that she's called.
Well. it's her job to worry.
It's-it's good.
I'm... doing what I came here to do.
I'm writing Sue's obit.
And things with Sam and I are...
We're good.
But not too good. Right?
Because last I checked. you don't need
to shave your legs to write an obit.
I'm a writer. okay?
Rituals are sacred.
Mm-hmm.
Sam and I can't be together.
Ever. You know that.
Yeah. well.
nothing's gonna happen while his
gorgeous. kid surgeon fiancée is here.
Exactly.
If you need me to come back.
you can just... text me.
Mm. I will do.
Okay.
And can you please...
can you call your mom back?
Mm...
-Shit!
-What?
-Shit. shit. shit!
My fucking passport expired yesterday.
I... I don't know how I...
I didn't check before I left and...
H-How am I.
how am I going to get back home?
I need to get back home.
We can fix this.
There have to be options.
Like. I could find you a coyote.
-Percy...
-I don't know what they call them
-in Canada. Maybe it's a moose?
-This is not a joke.
Sorry. Um...
Just trying to lighten the mood.
Um... Man. the Wi-Fi is really bad here.
That's what I've been saying.
Here. Okay.
It says you have to go
to the nearest consulate in person.
which is about three hours away.
-um. and get them to renew it for you.
-Okay.
Easy pea...
Oh...
"Oh"? What-what. what "oh"?
It says you need to leave
at least five hours for your visit.
-Five hours?
-At least five.
Okay. at least five.
-Uh. plus the three-hour drive.
-Mm-hmm.
I... There's got to be
something else we can do.
Like. someone... someone we can call.
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
-Someone... someone we can threaten.
You know? Ooh. Or someone... someone
who knows someone at the consulate.
Charlie.
-What?
-Charlie.
Charlie is totally plugged in.
If anyone can help. it's him.
I-I could call him.
No. No.
This is my fuck-up.
I'm-I'm gonna...
I'm gonna handle this.
You send me his number.
I'm gonna call him from the car.
and you just work on that obit. Okay?
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
Just remember to send me his number. okay?
-Okay.
All right.
Josh!
Are you in here?
Percy?
-Can I come in?
-Yeah. of course.
-Come on.
-Oh. my God.
I almost got blown away.
-You guys lost power. too?
-Yeah.
-My parents are at a conference.
And I was alone. And I was watching...
A horror movie.
I was watching The Blair Witch Project.
which is the scariest horror film.
And I got kinda freaked out.
Yeah. that movie sent me
over the edge during the daytime.
Yeah. I remember.
You said you had homework. in July.
and then you ran up to your room.
You know. I can take you
-right back home. right now.
-Please.
Please. Please don't.
Please. I'm serious. Please.
Yeah. Let's get you some dry clothes.
-Come on.
-Oh. thank you.
Oh. my God.
I'm not here for sex.
This has to end.
Delilah. you remember the first time?
End of May.
I was here visiting my mom.
You were here without Whit.
Whit is very busy. Yeah.
It was late.
The Tavern was empty.
We'd both been drinking.
Not as much as you want to think.
We were playing pool...
and I leaned over
to help you with a shot.
And you said...
"I've been waiting 15 years for this."
And I said...
Hmm?
"I know."
You're such an ass.
And afterwards. you said that
this could never happen again.
And I meant it.
Why can't I really mean it?
Because you weren't the only one
who waited 15 years for this.
Did you think about me?
I did.
Hello?
Oh. Hi. Um... Chantal.
Percy's friend. Yeah. I. um...
I hope I'm not interrupting anything.
No. Not at all.
Uh. I tried calling.
but I guess people in Barry's Bay
don't pick up their phone.
'Cause lake life and all that.
-What's up?
-Uh.
I'm having a passport crisis.
And Percy said you might know
someone at the consulate.
Actually. yeah. I do know someone.
Great. Okay.
And let me guess. That someone's a she.
Violet is a member
of the diplomatic service.
Of course she is.
I-I just. I actually have
to be back in Seattle. Like. now.
So if there's any way
you could make a call. or...
You know. actually. these types of things
-are usually better done in person.
-Yeah.
So Charlie can take you.
-What?
Charlie can take you.
Uh...
We're done here anyways.
-Delilah.
-Hmm?
Are you serious?
Mm-hmm.
Yes. I am.
He needs to eat more greens.
Maybe the salmon kale...
Sorry.
It's cool.
How old's your son?
I look old enough to have a son?
No. but who else
would you be Postmating for?
Do you have. like.
an elderly parent or something?
No. I... Drew. My fiancé.
So. you're ordering food
for a grown-ass man?
If I knew you better
and you weren't doing something
incredibly nice for me right now.
I would tell you to fuck off.
It's just. the...
All of our past orders are on the phone.
It just makes more sense.
You know what? Good for you.
I could not do that.
You couldn't order food for someone?
Mm. I could order food.
But then one thing leads to another.
and next thing you know.
that person wants more than I'm able or...
frankly. willing to give.
What a strikingly original philosophy
from a man.
I'm selfish.
I'll admit it.
But being selfish is also
what's made me successful.
Which I am.
Very.
Something tells me
you're not that different.
Gee. thanks.
We both got to where we are
by being a certain way.
Maybe I'm just more willing to admit that.
Yeah. I don't think
I'm gonna take relationship advice
from someone who doesn't seem like
they've had one.
Fine.
But make sure that's wild salmon.
That farmed shit is fucking toxic.
It's-it's a first pass.
so if you're not happy with it.
I can start over.
You know what? I'm gonna start over. I...
It's perfect.
Really?
This is who she was as a person.
What made her special.
So you're...
you're happy with it?
I'm more than happy. Percy.
Thank you.
You know. it's really weird
enjoying reading your writing again.
This isn't writing.
I mean. it is writing.
But it's not. it's not writing-writing.
Right. Right.
Maybe one day
I'll get to read that. too. then.
Maybe.
I-I should go. You're probably busy.
Um. I will email the obituary
to the newspaper.
You going for a swim?
Yeah. I was thinking about it.
On the way back to town.
Well. why not just swim here?
Here?
-No. I wouldn't want to im...
-No. I was gonna go out anyways.
Let's race to the raft. Come on.
You brought your suit. right?
Just go change up in my room.
Yeah. Sure. Okay.
Hey.
My mom and Charlie are asleep.
so we should try and modulate our voices.
"Modulate" our voices?
Yeah. Keep our voices down.
'Kay. Can I... I can sleep on the floor.
It's fine.
No. no. No. you're. like. the guest.
It's fine. This is fine.
These firetrucks?
Yeah. I was really into firetrucks
when I was. like. five.
Very cool.
S...
-Sam...
-Uh...
I haven't used it in a while.
S-Sam.
Sam. Sam.
this is ridiculous.
If you won't let me sleep on the floor.
at least we can share the bed.
It's enormous.
You sure?
Yes. Of course.
Yeah.
I'm just gonna turn the light off.
Okay. but maybe not all the way down.
because I'm still
a little bit freaked out.
-So...
-Yeah.
Is that okay?
Yeah. Thanks.
Okay.
Have you ever...
Slept with someone?
I-I mean. like. shared a bed?
-No.
-Me. neither.
I mean. I've had sleepovers.
But...
never...
Yeah.
♪ Pick you up at home. quarter to three ♪
♪ Ask you if you want something to eat ♪
♪ Drive around. get drunk.
do it over again ♪
♪ Wake you up at night. quarter to one ♪
♪ I can never stop. wanna have fun ♪
♪ Don't be actin' like
I'm the kind of girl who can sleep ♪
♪ 'cause every time you say
you're gonna go ♪
♪ I just smile.
'cause. babe. I already know ♪
♪ You know I got nothing
under this overcoat ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Let the light in ♪
♪ At your back door
yelling 'cause I wanna come in ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Turn your light on ♪
♪ Look at us. you and I. back at it...
Good morning.
Morning.
Dude! Get the fuck up!
Yeah. Yeah. I'm up.
Got first shift at The Tavern.
Sam!
Made extra protein shake.
Your guns are gonna need some ammunition.
Check these honeys out.
Fully loaded.
Holy fucking shit.
Before you start.
it's not what it looks like.
Little brother...
I have never been so proud.
No. Percy was home alone.
-She lost power...
-Yeah.
I was freaking out.
-I was watching The Blair Witch Project...
-Uh-huh.
Yeah. Mom'll totally believe that story.
Well. it's true. Nothing happened.
-Yet she's wearing your clothes.
-I was soaking wet.
and Sam gave me stuff to change into.
-That's it.
-Yeah. you can't tell Mom.
You'll just make her upset.
Oh. I'm gonna upset Mom?
I'm not the one who has
my girlfriend sleeping in my room.
Okay. Percy is not my girlfriend.
We're just friends.
Yeah. with benefits.
No. I-I mean. I'd never! It's Percy!
Whatever. I'm gonna... I'm gonna go.
Tell Sue what you want.
Dumbass.
♪ There is no trail ♪
♪ to the place I want to go ♪
♪ Time is all but gone ♪
♪ flowing like the river flows ♪
♪ I will find you there ♪
Come on. old man. catch up!
♪ Always find you there ♪
First one to the raft?
I don't know.
Can your ego take it?
Okay.
-Ready?
-Yeah.
Set.
Cheater!
♪ But I'll keep running through ♪
♪ the woods inside of you ♪
♪ But I keep running through ♪
♪ till the light shines ♪
Ha!
I won.
Even though you cheated.
♪ On the other side ♪♪
You cheated.
-Wh... I did not cheat.
-You cheated.
See. I don't...
Don't know how you got so fast.
It really is magical here.
Yeah.
I miss this.
Yeah. I do. too.
I should go. I-I. um...
I need to check on Chantal.
She's having passport issues.
Yeah.
You know. uh. tonight I was...
thinking about making pierogi
for the reception.
I-I don't know if you're busy or...
How would I be busy?
You may have plans.
Yes. I'd love to.
You sure?
I know you've done a lot.
Sam. I came here hoping I could help.
Also. I am trained in pierogi-making
by Sue Florek herself.
Great. Well. I'll see you
at The Tavern at 6:00. then.
Cool.
See you there.
-All right.
-Okay.
Okay...
All right. then.
-See ya.
-Safe travels.
Thank you.
Fuck.
Well. it's 4:15.
Consulate closes at 5:00.
I'm-I'm fucked.
Sorry. It's not your fault. Um...
I just... fuck. Why don't you guys. like.
use your phones and call each other?
I tried Violet. She didn't answer.
So she hates you
'cause you probably ghosted her.
Dude. every woman knows what the deal is.
I might not be into commitment.
but I don't hurt people.
Mm. maybe you don't intend to hurt people.
but people can still get hurt.
Well. if that's the case.
then I would try to make up for it.
I'm not an asshole.
Unlike this... fucking truck.
Okay.
You know how many times I begged my mom
to let me replace this thing?
Ten years I've been telling her
I would buy her a new truck.
But she just insists on driving
this piece of shit.
So we just kept on fixing it.
New fan belt. starter. New transmission.
On and on and on.
Tomorrow's Saturday.
The consulate is closed. I'm...
I-I live here now. This is my home.
Fucking typical Mom.
Everything. our entire lives.
was always just patched and mended.
And she was all.
"Patches on jeans are cool.
No one's gonna notice that.
that hole that we sewed.
Toaster's broken? Fix it.
Oven's 20 years old? Fix it."
Sh-She was a single mom.
Right? She was probably just
trying to save money.
It went way beyond that.
Was about character.
Buying something new meant you were
someone who took the easy way.
But what's wrong
with making life a little easier?
I mean. life is fucking hard enou...
Fuck!
Are. are you okay?
I'm fine.
Maybe we should just call a tow.
So my mom can think. as usual.
that her son took the easy way out?
♪ We once were lovers...
I...
I just... We could be here for hours.
You want to call a car. be my guest.
I'm fixing this truck.
I'll... I'll wait.
♪ And all I discover ♪
♪ are deep and darker lies ♪
♪ All I want is the truth...
Charlie Florek is mine.
No. seriously. though.
how could the poor boy resist this?
I'm fucking hot.
Mm-hmm.
Percy. what the...
Are you not putting in any effort?
We're going to a bonfire. not a nightclub.
This is what you wear to a bonfire.
-A bonfire Sam invited you to.
-Yeah.
Well. not as a date. just...
"Hey. um...
there's this end-of-summer bonfire.
You and Delilah want to come?"
He's a guy. That's how guys are.
Yeah. to their friends.
Or girls they have absolutely
zero interest in hooking up with. Ever.
Eh. I mean. I get it.
He blew literally the best chance
any 15-year-old boy has had
in the history of the world.
I mean. Mother freaking Nature
wanted you guys to hook up.
He didn't have the balls.
I mean. that doesn't mean
that he didn't want to.
"I'd never! It's Percy!"
-His words.
-'Cause he was afraid
of what Charlie would tell their mom.
Yeah. well. he's had all summer
to make a move and he hasn't.
'cause he doesn't see me that way.
So make him.
You do like him. don't you?
So. then. would you please...
put on some lipstick?
♪ Now I'm rising from the ground ♪
♪ Rising up to you ♪
♪ Filled with all the strength...
Wait. there's Sam.
♪ There's nothing I can't do...
Damn.
Dude. who's the redhead?
Who is that?
Percy. what is with
all these guys being so hot?
Is it. like. something in the lake water?
-Probably.
-Hey.
You guys made it.
-That's awesome.
-Hey.
-Welcome back. Delilah.
Aw. thanks.
I couldn't abandon Percy
for the end of summer.
Oh. uh. sorry. This is Jordie.
He's our local basketball star.
He's been playing
around Canada all summer.
Which he will gladly tell you about
in excruciating detail.
Sam's just jealous.
I think it's impressive.
I'm Delilah.
Well. nice to meet you.
Mm-hmm.
You're not cold?
Mm-mm.
I don't really feel the cold.
You hear that. Florek?
She's tougher than you.
Uh. this is Percy.
Wait. The Percy?
-Like the one you told me about?
-Yeah.
Wait. you told him about me?
Are you kidding? You're famous.
Did you really eat 15 pierogis
in one sitting?
I think it was 12.
Whatever. That's freakin' epic.
Epic!
I don't really feel like
I could play basketball.
just 'cause my hands are so...
like. really small.
Mm. Nah.
It's not about the size of your hands.
It's about having a feel for the ball.
-Mm.
-Well. you've got to relax your hand.
-Sorry.
-Be gentle.
-Mm-hmm.
-All right.
And do you feel that?
Yeah.
Then. uh. when you shoot the ball.
you want the ball to roll
off the tip of your fingers.
'cause that's what gives it spin.
♪ If only she looked...
Nothing but net.
♪ With me ♪
♪ I'll buy you a round...
I'd love to see you play sometime.
Totally.
Uh. do you want to hear
how I won regionals last year?
It's a pretty good story.
Excuse me.
♪ With me ♪
What?
♪ You're gonna love this ♪
Hi.
♪ Yeah. you know them flashing lights
have got a hold on me ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm high on the feeling.
there's nothing wrong with me...
-Delilah?
-Yeah. Hey.
When'd you get back?
Uh. uh... it was today.
I came with Percy.
-Can we go somewhere more private?
-Yeah.
♪ I don't know what's happening.
and I swear...
-Aren't you cold?
-Oh. um...
♪ The girl was biting on my lips
like Jeffrey Dahmer ♪
♪ Yeah. it's like that.
yeah. it's like that ♪
♪ I just drove her back to my place
for a nightcap ♪
♪ Drinks at the bar ♪
♪ with the friends.
they're standing so far ♪
♪ But it feels near ♪
♪ If only she looked ♪♪
Can't believe the summer's already over.
I know.
You're gonna get your license next year.
Think your parents
will let you drive up alone?
Drive to another country? I doubt it.
♪ Help me. help me ♪
♪ Silent crave to have...
I'm sorry about the whole pierogi thing.
It's fine.
Look. just so you know. uh.
I wasn't like. "Oh. this girl Percy
can eat. like. a million pierogi."
Sam. it's fine. really.
♪ People. it's taking forever ♪
♪ I've tried to connect...
Are you wearing lipstick?
What? Oh.
Forgot.
No. no. It looks nice.
Hey. Sam.
Hey.
Who's that?
Just a-a girl from my class.
I took her to Spring Fling.
Took a girl to a dance?
Yeah. it was nothing.
♪ Missed mark...
Tonight has been
an absolute. total... suckfest.
Plus I'm so cold.
Isn't it. like. supposed to be summer?
H-Here.
♪ They keep away...
-Take this.
-Oh. thank you.
I need another beer.
Shit.
♪ They keep away...
Hey. could I get
another beer. please?
Totally. yeah.
If you tell me your name.
No.
No?
♪ I've tried to connect with her.
but now she's gone...
How about this instead?
♪ What draws attention ♪
♪ What kind of affection
is making a mark ♪
♪ with us ♪♪
♪ I found out ♪
♪ the hard way ♪
♪ and I'm never gonna break your heart ♪
♪ I know. too late ♪
♪ and I don't want to break your heart ♪
♪ Guess I had to go away just to find ♪
♪ what I left behind ♪
♪ You're the only one.
you're the only one ♪
♪ Take me back ♪
Hey.
♪ To where we started from ♪
♪ And let's make it now...
Hey.
You're playing Dolly.
Yeah. Uh. we're making Mom's pierogis.
so it felt right.
You look...
good.
I packed in a rush.
There wasn't much choice. so...
♪ I lay in bed ♪
♪ and your covers wouldn't warm my feet ♪
♪ and morning found me...
-Here.
-Oh.
-Thanks.
-Turn around.
♪ Oh. baby. I had to go away ♪
♪ just to run back and say ♪
♪ You're the only one.
you're the only one ♪
♪ Take me back to where we started from ♪
♪ Can we make it now
like we made it then? ♪
♪ This old heart ain't gonna
break your heart again ♪
♪ The only one ♪
-♪ You're the only one ♪
♪ You're the only one.
you're the only one ♪
♪ Take me back to where we started from ♪
♪ You're the only one ♪♪
-You're leaving tomorrow?
-Yeah.
So. last night. the bonfire. that-that
wasn't how I wanted things to go.
Well. me neither.
I mean. the whole summer. really.
Can I ask you.
was that. like. your first kiss?
No.
It was more like my 20th?
I go to parties and kiss boys.
You take girls to dances.
Yeah. we both have our own lives.
But watching you kiss that guy. I...
I felt jealous.
Really?
I hated it.
I-I don't want to feel that way.
And this is gonna sound weird. but...
when I'm with you...
I just. I feel safe.
Safe?
No. but-but. no. like.
like our friendship or...
whatever it is... is different.
It's so different and it's so special.
I guess I was afraid of losing that.
That. that. that makes sense.
I-I don't want to lose it either.
So we should get started.
Yeah.
So let's not mess it up.
-You're okay with that?
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
You're my best friend.
-Swear?
-Swear.
What is going on?
Oh. we. we were...
Oh. we're just making pierogi
for the reception.
Now. what-what are you doing here?
Looking for Charlie.
Clearly. I'm. uh...
interrupting something?
What? No...
What? No. Delilah. this isn't...
I'm gonna go. I-I need to find Chantal.
I'm sorry. Sam.
I'm really sorry.
What were you thinking?
Delilah. please...
I don't know.
When I'm with her. I don't think.
At all.
Chantal. are you back?
I-I really hope so.
Listen. I need to hitch a ride
home with you tonight.
I almost did something so. so stupid.
and I know if I stay one fucking moment
longer. I know I will.
I screwed up Sam's life once.
I-I can't. I can't do it again.
I just... I need to go.
-Now.
-Persephone Fraser? Huh.
I was hoping to find you here.
You are Persephone Fraser?
What? Uh. yeah.
-Who are... you?
-I'm Stuart Donnelly.
I-I'm Sue Florek's estate lawyer.
I've been looking for you.
Why?
Because I need you to be
present tomorrow morning...
I'm so sorry. I can't.
I have to leave tonight.
Well. I hope you can change your plans.
Because tomorrow is Sue's will reading.
and you really need to be there.
I'm sorry. What does that have
to do with me?
You're in Sue's will.
What?
How? Wh-Why on earth
would Sue leave me anything?
It will all become clear tomorrow.
I'm sorry for your loss.
♪ Now look at that road ♪
♪ Look at that climb ♪
♪ When it's throwing in a nickel
or get out a dime ♪
♪ Too patterned. too close ♪
♪ Too flattered. too broke ♪
♪ Now look at you go ♪
♪ Took the morning to float ♪
♪ Took the morning to find ♪
♪ I got a vision of a mission
but an awkward vibe ♪
♪ Too livid. too scared ♪
♪ Too loving. too close ♪
♪ Now look at you know ♪
♪ When the cause is dead on arrival ♪
♪ And you coulda. shoulda. woulda
for free ♪
♪ Now look at your postscript
every minute ♪
♪ It's a very slow thing to have gleaned ♪
♪ Now ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Now look at that smile ♪
♪ So when the cause ain't
dead on arrival ♪
♪ And you coulda. shoulda. woulda
for free ♪
♪ Do not hang your cause on revival ♪
♪ 'Cause now looking
is bringing you grief ♪
♪ So when the cause is dead on arrival ♪
♪ And you coulda. shoulda. woulda
for free ♪
♪ I wouldn't have forced it
on the minute ♪
♪ Well. it's a very hard thing
to have grief ♪
♪ Ah. give it a minute ♪
♪ We're dancing in it ♪♪